why nordstrom? 

	so i was searching job opportunities . .
		huge company growing in tech,

Time of Failure:

		working at Biofactura, developed a process which extracts information from an older model bioreactor. 

		So we had our first clinical run...
			everything goes well, monitoring information streamed w/ py and R, text alerts worked, helped solve problems right when they began...

		However, Second clinical run. . .
			work more closely with a third party company for our hardware and it infrastructure.
			
			Basically, things that were once easy to do now required different software, processes, and presented new challenges...
			#
			On their reccomendation, we decided to have the py code for the alerts and data streaming run on-site, 						this was much to my chagrin, don't fix what isn't broken .
			We made a request in the beginning for upgrading the hardware they presented to us, and communication with them was constant..
			... but eventually the system they were using ran low on memory,
			resulting in data-loss. 
				
					Highly dissapointing bc we had hired new manufacturing manager who introduced a new method in our manufacturing procedure and wanted to compare runs.

			Learned how important it is to be proactive in the early stages....




			Successful:

			... i was there providing graphs, integrating them into a webapp that also displayed our publications and news...
				approached boss with the idea for the machine learning model for capturing data from a new source that we weren't leveraging information out of....



			Good judgement: 
		
			

		as a data analyst people relied on me for things that were typically out of their comfort zone. 
		scrappy and crafty at biofactura



		you know, it's really exciting talking to you bc I haven't learned from other people specifically in my field, currently working on my ms in stats so that I can learn more about ML ...
		and I'm really just thrilled to get the opportunity to learn more about ML in industry from those practicing it. 


		interested in how machine learning is used in this domain, can you speak to any models that you have maintained or have worked on with a team? 


		free time:
		krav maga bjj instructor recently getting back into that...

		but mostly am a super nerd, enjoy making music with machine learning (sample joe sample and ela fitzgerald and get a beautiful sound out of it)...
		

		working on golf game
		...
		